README.md, before:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcea83a0-eb05-42da-b499-56cd4778608f)

# CodeToGive-Team9
**Mono repository for Morgan Stanley's Code To Give 2024**

This project is a full-stack solution developed for the Morgan Stanley Code to Give 2024 hackathon, focusing on optimizing food distribution across Singapore by connecting donors and beneficiaries efficiently.

## Project Overview

The goal of our project is to build a platform that supports food banks and other organizations in managing food donations, particularly by focusing on efficient logistics, real-time data, and user accessibility.

### Features

- **Donor Management**: Streamlined onboarding for small and large-scale donors, enabling food donations through the platform.
- **Real-Time Inventory Tracking**: Monitor food donations and distributions in real-time.
- **Impact Dashboard**: Track and report metrics like families reached and total donations.
- **Matching Algorithm**: that allows for donors to donate food to beneficiaries efficiently through the Hungarian Algorithm
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e2f63bad-29b9-4320-b62b-fbe05c375566)


## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React.js with Material-UI for a responsive and accessible user interface.
- **Backend**: Firebase for database, authentication, and serverless functions.
- **Database**: Firebase Firestore for storing user data, donation records, and distribution logs.
- **Maps and Data Visualization**: Integrated with Leaflet.js for interactive maps and geographical analysis.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm (v6 or later)

## Installation

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/CodeToGive-Team9.git
```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**
```bash
cd CodeToGive-Team9
```


3. **Install dependencies:**
```bash
npm install
```

4. **Start the development server:**
```bash
npm start
```

Commit message:

Upgrade nivo lib; update firebase config

README.md, after:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcea83a0-eb05-42da-b499-56cd4778608f)

# CodeToGive-Team9
**Mono repository for Morgan Stanley's Code To Give 2024**

This project is a full-stack solution developed for the Morgan Stanley Code to Give 2024 hackathon, focusing on optimizing food distribution across Singapore by connecting donors and beneficiaries efficiently.

## Project Overview

The goal of our project is to build a platform that supports food banks and other organizations in managing food donations, particularly by focusing on efficient logistics, real-time data, and user accessibility.

### Features

- **Donor Management**: Streamlined onboarding for small and large-scale donors, enabling food donations through the platform.
- **Real-Time Inventory Tracking**: Monitor food donations and distributions in real-time.
- **Impact Dashboard**: Track and report metrics like families reached and total donations.
- **Matching Algorithm**: that allows for donors to donate food to beneficiaries efficiently through the Hungarian Algorithm
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e2f63bad-29b9-4320-b62b-fbe05c375566)


## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React.js with Material-UI for a responsive and accessible user interface.
- **Backend**: Firebase for database, authentication, and serverless functions.
- **Database**: Firebase Firestore for storing user data, donation records, and distribution logs.
- **Maps and Data Visualization**: Integrated with Leaflet.js for interactive maps and geographical analysis.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm (v6 or later)

## Installation

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/CodeToGive-Team9.git
```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**
```bash
cd CodeToGive-Team9
```


3. **Install dependencies:**
```bash
npm install
```

4. **Start the development server:**

```bash

# Need to specify the env variables for firebase. either use .env file or use set var1=value1
npm start
```
